DOC: Update __array__ description (#24009)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/reference/arrays.classes.rst

.. py:method:: class.__array__([dtype])

>     This method is called by class object to return a numpy array.

Reviewer: This is better than the status quo but still a little unclear IMO. 

Here's my try:

If defined on an object, should return a representation of the object as a NumPy array. The value returned by this method is used if an object implementing this interface is passed to array-coercion functions like `np.array()`.

I would then move the "Please refer..." you added to the end immediately after the above explanation.

Finally, since the content that's already in the docs is more of a usage note than an explanation for what `__array__` is, I would separate the rest into a `.. note::` section.

Author: Done, thanks @ngoldbaum .

.. py:method:: class.__array__([dtype])

    If defined on an object, should return a representation of the object as a
    NumPy array. This method is called by array-coercion functions like np.array()

>     if an object implementing this interface is passed to those functions.
>     Please refer to :ref:`Interoperability with NumPy <basics.interoperability>`
>     for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    if an object implementing only this interface is passed to those functions.
    Please refer to :ref:`Interoperability with NumPy <basics.interoperability>`
    for the protocol hierarchy, of which ``__array__`` is the oldest and least
    desirable.
```
